README.md, before:

## Olá! 👋


Sou o Niccolas Peixoto, sou um programador Front End.
Atualmente estou aprendendo e criando projetos com: <br> 
  - <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="html-logo" />
  - <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="css-logo" /> 
  - E iniciando o aprendizado de JS e React.



Meu LinkedIn

<a href=https://www.linkedin.com/in/niccolas-peixoto-76b75b27b/ >
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="linkdin-logo">

[![Niccolas stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=niccolaspeixoto)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=niccolaspeixoto)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)






  
<!--
**niccolaspeixoto/niccolaspeixoto** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated personal introduction
Updated the README to reflect new information and skills.

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hello, I'm Niccolas Peixoto

Front-End Developer focused on building responsive and modern web interfaces, with knowledge in full-stack development.

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack

- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" alt="html-logo" />
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" alt="css-logo" />
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" alt="js-logo" />
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" alt="react-logo" />
- <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white" alt="node-logo" />

---

### 🚀 About Me

- 💻 Front-End Developer building real-world projects
- ⚙️ Experience creating responsive interfaces and API integrations
- 🌱 Expanding skills in React and Node.js ecosystem
- 🎯 Focused on clean UI, performance and user experience

---

### 🔗 Connect with me

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/niccolas-peixoto-76b75b27b/" target="_blank">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="linkedin-logo">
</a>

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

[![Niccolas stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=niccolaspeixoto&show_icons=true&theme=default)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=niccolaspeixoto&layout=compact)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
